In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?

Answer - Within the console.rb file.
---------------------
Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?

Answer - Within the save method which is part of the Property class definition
-----------------------
Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

Answer - The property.save() lines at the bottom of the file
-----------------------
Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Answer - Because it has not been added to the database yet. It will only receive an id when it is added to the database.
-----------------------
Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby Property object?

Answer - When the save method is called on a property object the SQL instructs an id to be returned. This id is then passed into a variable which is then assigned to the id variable of the Property object.
----------------------
Q6. Why do we put a guard (an if clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?

Answer - In case the id being returned is nil because no id has been assigned yet.
---------------------
Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Answer - Because some of the methods which are being called affect the instance variable of the class e.g. save, delete and update. Other methods are using all instances of the class and so are class methods e.g. find and delete_all.
----------------
Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to db.exec_prepared()? In the save method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

Answer - An array is returned. We access the id from within the array by using the key id 
------------------
Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

Answer - To increase security by helping to avoid SQL injection attacks.
---------------------
Extension Questions
Look at the find_by_id and find_by_address methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Answer -They take in the id and address of the entity that is being searched for.
--------------------
Q11. What are their return values?

Answer -  A hash of the entity being sought
---------------------
